you're about to watch some clips of a
young woman explaining
her spiritual and emotional journey to
healing her past sexual trauma
by inserting a yoni egg into her vagina
as you're watching this i want you to
think to yourself what if the woman who
was presenting this information
were 300 pounds ugly out of shape
middle aged or some combination of those
unattractive characteristics
would you respond any differently and
why
hello i just finished filming a video
take my mic off wearing my cute little
corset
but a lot of you are asking what womb
healing is
[Music]
it is my belief and knowing that within
our wombs
is an entire universe of glory
sensation and pleasure i kind of think
of the womb as a third brain
along with the gut and the heart the
womb has a third brain
there are different areas within the
body that carry so much wisdom that is
beyond
our thinking mind my suicidal thoughts
at the time were stemming from
so many old beliefs that were deeply
ingrained
from my childhood domestic abuse from
selling my body at 17 to pay my rent you
know
so with the egg inside of me i would
just inhale and rock my hips upward and
squeeze and really visualize the
sexual energy rising up my spine and i
would exhale and release
and feel that energy coming back down to
replenish me in this loop
sometimes called the microcosmic orbit
and so that's what i would do with my
yoni egg
yoni egg masturbation yoni
egg masturbation
[Music]
before making pronouncements on the
internet
it's good to ask yourself what if i'm
wrong
what if the exact opposite were true
sadly i think most people don't ask
themselves this because if they did
the terrible terrible truth would be
that they have
nothing to say that nobody
would really care what they have to say
unless
they're beautiful if you're beautiful
you can get away with saying
any amount of pseudo-scientific
on the internet
and people will still listen to you
there is no scientific evidence that
shows that using a yoni egg
will increase the strength of your
pelvic floor muscles back in 2018
goop run by gwyneth paltrow settled a
lawsuit
which had been filed over their three
wellness products
goop inc has settled a consumer
protection lawsuit filed by santa clara
county district attorney jeff rosen
and nine other state prosecutors
alleging that gwyneth paltrow's wellness
empire sold a series of women's health
products
whose advertised medical claims were not
supported by competent
and reliable science goop advertised
that the jade and rose quartz eggs
egg-shaped stones designed to be
inserted vaginally and left in for
various lengths of time
could balance hormones regulate
menstrual cycles
prevent uterine prolapse and increase
bladder control the health and money of
santa clara county residents
should never be put at risk by
misleading advertising we will
vigilantly protect consumers
against companies that promise health
benefits without the support of good
science
or any science a brief google search
will lead you to a website where doctors
are discussing using
a jade egg what are the potential risks
dr jen gunter an ob gyn specializing in
infectious diseases
cautions that inserting foreign objects
into the vagina
increases the risk of infection and
toxic shock syndrome
jade is a semi-porous material which
means that bacteria can get in
and stay in the toy even after it's
cleaned
prolonged insertion also prevents your
body's natural secretions from properly
draining
when you close off the vagina you
interfere with its self-cleaning ability
says chang
that can cause unwanted materials and
bacteria to accumulate
sloan adds that natural stones can also
chip
any rough spots or cracks in the egg
could cause irritation
scratches or tears in the vaginal tissue
yikes
one aspect of this use of the yoni egg
is the claim that
in ancient china women used yoni eggs to
improve their sexual health has the jade
egg become such a big seller for sexual
health that it is currently sold out
or is there more to the story as the
goop website no longer provides
information of the so-called benefits of
this rocky egg
we need to look at the reason why this
product may be listed as sold out
the site initially recommended that
women insert the egg into their vaginas
for several hours
or even overnight to get better
connected to the power within
the egg was supposed to increase vaginal
muscle tone
hormonal balance and feminine energy in
general
the eggs were also claimed to have been
used as an incredible
secret practice by ancient chinese
concubines
the concept of ancient when discussing a
medical therapy
may give an illusory notion that the
practice is indeed healthful
as it dates back over millennia as the
jade egg was touted as an ancient
practice
dr gunter and her colleague dr sarah
perrick an archaeologist
investigated whether or not indeed
vaginal insertion of a jade egg
was an ancient chinese practice their
study of over 5000 jade objects in four
major chinese art and archaeology
databases
found no vaginal eggs there was no
evidence that vaginal jade eggs were
used for sexual health in ancient
chinese cultures
this isn't really news this happened
back in 2017 and 2018
but still in the year 2021 women are
coming on the internet and talking about
the positive health benefits of using a
yoni egg
of inserting a yoni egg into their
vagina to increase the strength of their
pelvic floor muscles and to
improve their overall sexual health now
you might ask what's the harm melissa
really if it makes these women happy to
stick rocks in their vaginas
why bother criticizing them my response
would be
that happiness maximizing happiness
isn't the meaning of life and that life
isn't worth living
if it's based on delusion spiritual
pseudoscientific beliefs like this are
dangerous
and if you believe that we are angels
living in vessels as hitomi likes to say
you don't take life as seriously as you
would
if you really were firmly rooted
in the reality that this is the one life
that you have to live
this is our one chance on this earth to
make a difference
to do anything with your life to help
other people
ironically people who have spiritual
beliefs about life actually value life
less because they think that they'll
have another shot
they think that they're going to come
back again at some point that they're
going to be
reincarnated into another vessel every
day they're deluding themselves
pretending
like they have another shot that there's
another chance to remake themselves into
another image
when this is their one life everyone who
they've been in the past
is them their past is who they are
when you live every day with the reality
that this is your one shot this is your
one chance today
to make the best of today you take life
a lot more seriously
than you would otherwise if you believed
that you had another chance
that you could remake yourself or that
you could reincarnate as somebody else
getting back to the question that i
posed at the start of this video
what if the woman who was presenting
this information were obese
ugly unattractive generally how would
you respond
it's important to be honest with
ourselves about why it is we're paying
attention to somebody and why it is that
we're taking
somebody's advice seriously people would
not have as much patience
for this information if it were being
presented by somebody who was not
beautiful
if you search on the internet for yoni
egg you might get the impression that
only
beautiful women use yoni eggs but this
isn't the case
a lot of women who watch itomimo suzuki
who watch these other influencers
talking about their
yoni egg practice are not attractive
that they
watch these women because they want to
be like them they want to emulate them
we can't help the bodies that we're born
into we can't help that we're ugly
but if we watch somebody else who's more
attractive maybe we can incorporate some
of their practices into our lives
you don't have to be beautiful for these
spiritual pseudo-scientific beliefs to
have
a destructive impact on your life
unattractive people
disfigured people mentally disabled
people
they're also at risk they also can fall
prey to these spiritual beliefs
the difference is most people have way
less patience for
hearing this same kind of
pseudo-scientific
from people who are not attractive
people who are not beautiful
we as humans as animals we all have a
bias
to beauty it's not evil it's just
something that needs to be considered
when you're incorporating a belief into
your life when you're
assessing the truth of what somebody is
presenting to you are you only finding
merit in this are you only finding some
validity in this
because you find them attractive because
you want them
to be interested in you because you want
to be attractive to them
it's important that we're honest with
ourselves about this bias when we're
encountering new information when we're
learning things for the first time
are we just listening to them because we
find them attractive
are we only going to incorporate this
into our life
into our own philosophy just because
some beautiful person said it remain
skeptical and examine the merit and
truth behind what somebody says
rather than just unquestioningly
believing
what somebody says because you find them
beautiful